Wushuang, you're finally back, mom, let's go
Mom's greatest wish now is to be unparalleled with you
It's okay, although I'm separated from Zhang Min.
But our Lu family can't be without a future
Yes!
Peerless parents don't know how many years they can live
I want to have grandchildren now
Mom and Dad can't be in a hurry
Besides, I haven't met the right person yet.
Hey, does this girl have a boyfriend?
Uh uh I've been with the Supreme since I joined the army
No time to fall in love and start a family
Then do you have any feelings for our witch talk?
Mom
Women in the Peerless Army
There is no one who is not in love with the Supreme
Did Wushuang hear that?
There is a suitable one now.
Supreme, I have always been in love with you
This is due to Zhao Min's existence before
Now.